README.md, before:

# AlanKaomoji (＾o＾)ﾉ
This is a small widget for using A land kaomoji. </br>

## Brife
You could copy kaomoji by clicking it on widget, and paste it on your text. </br>
To simplify the operation, AlandKaomoji sorts the kaomoji by frequency of use. </br>
Due to the API level and minimizing the size of apk, Only support Android 5.0 or above. </br>

## Change Log
### 2017.5.15
1. First version </br>
### 2017.5.16
1. Add setting menu and new touch policy </br>
2. Remove GSON to minimize the size of apk </br>
3. Repaire bug
### 2017.5.17
1. Change initial postion to touch easily </br>
2. Add lefthand mode
### 2017.5.19
1. Change the frame of the app </br>
2. Add main menu
3. Remove OVERLAY_PERMISSION </br>
4. Add note (still with bug) </br>
### 2017.5.20
1. Re-add OVERLAY_PERMISSION to support Android 7.0 </br>
2. Change the icon of the button </br>
### 2017.5.24
1. Add calculator </br>
2. Redesign main menu, place kaomoji to the first view and pull down kaomoji list to enter menu </br>

Commit message:

Add pay shortcut, change move strategy and fix bug

README.md, after:

# AlanKaomoji (＾o＾)ﾉ
This is a small widget for using A land kaomoji.</br>

## Brife
You could copy kaomoji by clicking it on widget, and paste it on your text.</br>
To simplify the operation, AlandKaomoji sorts the kaomoji by frequency of use.</br>
Alandkaomoji also provides note, calculator and shortcut of payment.
Due to the API level and minimizing the size of apk, Alandkaomoji only supports Android 5.0 or above.</br>

## Change Log
### 2017.5.15
1. First version</br>
### 2017.5.16
1. Add setting menu and new touch strategy</br>
2. Remove GSON to minimize the size of apk</br>
3. Repaire bug
### 2017.5.17
1. Change initial postion to touch easily</br>
2. Add lefthand mode
### 2017.5.19
1. Change the frame of the app</br>
2. Add main menu
3. Remove OVERLAY_PERMISSION</br>
4. Add note (still with bug)</br>
### 2017.5.20
1. Re-add OVERLAY_PERMISSION to support Android 7.0</br>
2. Change the icon of the button</br>
### 2017.5.24
1. Add calculator </br>
2. Redesign main menu, place kaomoji to the first view and pull down kaomoji list to enter menu</br>
### 2017.5.26
1. Add animation</br>
### 2017.5.29
1. Add pay shortcut supporting wechat and alipay(need ROOT)</br>
2. Change move strategy</br>
3. fix bug
